ATM Bank Machine that dispenses cash.
Create a test plan for how you would ensure it’s functions and behaviours are correct.
Within the test plan, come up with different test cases that you can think of and group
them by similar components. Minimum 8 test cases.

Components - 
Functional & Non Functional
                Machine Softwae - Withdraw, Deposit, Balance Enquiry
                Machine Hardware - Card Reader, Keypad, Poweroutlet

Functional
    Withdraw
        Test01: Verify ATM machine gives Withdraw, Deposit, and Balance options when user hit start button
        Test02: Verify ATM machine let the user to select the Withdraw Option
        Test03: Verify ATM machine on selecing Withdraw option user is prompted with the insert card option.
        Test04: Verify ATM machine throws error message on interting the card in a wrong way.  
        Test04: Verify ATM machine user is asked to enter pin after inserting card.
        Test05: Verify ATM machine throws error on entering wrong pin
        Test06: Verify ATM machine ask for the amount to withdraw after entering the right pin
        Test07: Verify ATM machine display not sufficiante balance message when entered amount is greater than balance.
        Test08: Verify ATM machine will let user to withdraw money if balance is sufficiante.
        Test09: Verify ATM machine will ask for PIN again with all the menu after first transaction is over.
        Test10: Verify ATM machine display balance after the successfull withdraw with the receipt. 
        Test11: Verify ATM machine / receipt doesn't display PIN or any card details. 
        Test12: Verify ATM machine locks card after entering wrong pin more than 5 times. 
        Test13: Verify ATM machine gives out the cash correctly as per the inputted number in withdraw option.
        Test14: Verify ATM machine opertions trigger alert message to user number or email. 
        Test15: Verify ATM machine can accept card from different bank with the appropriate fee and fee for the same bank card. 
    
    Hardware:
        Test16: Verify ATM machine Keypad has all numbers and letters required for the transactions.
        Test17: Verify ATM machine keypad buttons works. 
        Test18: Verify ATM machine card reader works.
        Test19: Verify ATM machine turns on after connecting to the power outlet. 
        Test20: Verify ATM machine money outelt can be opened and closed securly to load cash physically by mantainance team. 
Non Functional
        Test21: Verify ATM machine can handle continuous transaction for 23 hours without any delay or errors.
        Test22: Verify ATM machine can continue to work fine after keeping it plugged off for a week. 
        Test23: Verify ATM machine can accept user input within acceptable time and continute to operate.
        Test24: Verify ATM machine will not break on any little acceptable physical force. 
        Test25: Verify ATM machine shows correct balance or user deltails when user is handling their account at the same time from any other device ( inlucding mobile app or online banking)
     


             
